Your local help/news/events/etc files can now be kept separate from
those distributed with PennMUSH, and can now be managed as a set of
files rather than a single large file.

Here's the details:

1. The source files for help.txt, news.txt, and events.txt are kept in
   directories called hlp, nws, and evt respectively.

2. Files in those directories which end in .<directoryname> are
   considered to be part of the text. That is, files in hlp/ which end
   in .hlp, and files in nws/ which end in .nws will be merged into
   the final help.txt, news.txt, or whatever.

3. When the MUSH is restarted, a 'make' is run in this directory.  For
   if a file in hlp/ is newer than help.txt, it calls compose.sh to
   rebuild help.txt. Don't edit help.txt, news.txt, etc. directly; if
   you do, any changes will be lost. 
 
   If you've got perl on your system, compose.sh will also call
   index-files.pl to make a 'help index' entry which lists all your
   help entries. The file hlp/index.hlp contains this index, and is
   overwritten each time the index is built. Don't use it for your own
   content!

So, if you want to add your own news entries, make a file called
nws/local.nws and put 'em there. Or maybe organize it into parts:
nws/theme.nws, nws/code.nws, etc. Don't edit news.txt, help.txt, etc.
directly or those changes will be lost.

Files distributed with PennMUSH always begin with "penn", so don't
start your files with that.

You can also add files for "rules" and "index" commands if you
compiled them in. The easiest way to do add rules files is
to:
    a) create a directory here called "rules"
    b) put your rules files there, each ending in .rules
    c) edit game/txt/Makefile and add rules.txt to the TXT line

For index files, do exactly the same process, but replace all
references to 'rules' above with 'index'. You can use your own names
as well, by adding to the Makefile using the template for existing
directories, and adding the target .txt file to the TXT line. Files in
a directory have to have the same extension as the directory name
(hlp/foo.hlp, etc.). The special file 'index.<extension>' will be
overwritten. Don't use it for your own content.

